sidescroller 8-bit
items
health
score system?
level design - boss at the end
towns in between to give new quests plus further story ?
fun addicting fights and levels
reminiscent music style - sm3, gaiden, etc
7 seas (equivalent to world like in sm3) - one major boss per sea
maybe include devil fruit element for variety ?

on the surface look:
Hikikomori - pirate, exploring the seas trying to become famous rich etc. Drunkard. Lazy. Womanizer. swordsmen. 
filled with average crews
gains crew members along way - part of story
The 7 tyrants of the seas - major enemies
maybe include levels where navy/gov tries to attack Hikikomori
King of the 7 seas = last boss
4-6 levels, one final level (tyrant), 2 towns, give main quests plus side quests
take ship and crew damage mechanism in some levels
ship v ship gimmick ?
diff. crew members perspective (to humanize and attach player to them by them having motivations and following their story as well) aka play the crew members

crew members:
idk

towns:
used to buy materials for repairing ship after level
heal crew members plus main character
npcs that give quests

total sprites:
Hikikomori
Crew Members
general enemy sprites for average crews
major enemy sprites
major enemy crew members sprites
king of the 7 seas sprite
government people general sprites
npc sprites in the town (general + specific)

animations:
main characters/ abilities with items in-game and main weapon or power
general enemy animations
government enemy animations
talking animations for npcs
boss animations (7 tyrants + king)
prologue animation to introuce king + tyrant
animation per world introducing each tyrant
ship moving animation

per world:
start with town gain quest and accomplish with levels (which is the major thing they have to do as players to progress)
visit next town stock up on materials and next major quest maybe backtrack sidequests if they wish
doing quests attracts attention of tyrant for some reason
fight tyrant
somehow slowly introduce tyrants and king in prologue animation

